End-User License Agreement

PROGRAM: - RNA-Poser: Machine Learning Pose Classifier for RNA-Ligand Complexes

IMPORTANT – READ CAREFULLY: This Agreement is a legal agreement between
“LICENSEE” (defined below) and The Regents of The University of
Michigan, a constitutional corporation of the state of Michigan
(“MICHIGAN”).

BACKGROUND

1.   Faculty at the University of Michigan’s Department of Chemistry
have developed a proprietary software application and related
documentation, referred to as “Larmord”, for use by trained individuals
in Chemistry and related analysis (hereinafter referred to as
"PROGRAM"); and

2.   LICENSEE desires to obtain, and MICHIGAN, consistent with its
mission of education and research, desires to grant, a license to use
the PROGRAM subject to the terms and conditions set forth below; and

The parties therefore agree as follows:

I.    LICENSE

MICHIGAN hereby grants to LICENSEE a non-exclusive, non-transferable
right to install and use the PROGRAM for non-commercial, research and
educational purposes solely within the department listed above and
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.



II.  LIMITATION OF LICENSE AND RESTRICTIONS

A.  LICENSEE shall not use, print, copy, translate, reverse engineer,
decompile, disassemble, modify, create derivative works of or publicly
display the PROGRAM, in whole or in part, unless expressly authorized by
this Agreement.

B.  LICENSEE agrees that it shall use the PROGRAM only for LICENSEE'S
sole and exclusive use, and shall not disclose, sell, license, or
otherwise distribute the PROGRAM to any third party without the prior
written consent of MICHIGAN. LICENSEE shall not assign this Agreement,
and any attempt by LICENSEE to assign it shall be void from the
beginning. LICENSEE agrees to secure and protect the PROGRAM and any
copies in a manner consistent with the maintenance of MICHIGAN'S rights
in the PROGRAM and to take appropriate action by instruction or
agreement with its employees who are permitted access to the PROGRAM in
order to satisfy LICENSEE'S obligations under this Agreement.



III. TITLE AND OWNERSHIP

A.  No ownership rights of MICHIGAN in the PROGRAM are conferred upon
LICENSEE by this Agreement.

B.  LICENSEE acknowledges MICHIGAN'S proprietary rights in the PROGRAM
and agrees to reproduce all copyright notices supplied by MICHIGAN on
all copies of the PROGRAM, and on all PROGRAM outputs and copies of
PROGRAM outputs.



IV. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

A.  THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MICHIGAN DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE PROGRAM WILL MEET
LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT OPERATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR
FREE. MICHIGAN shall not be liable for special, indirect, incidental, or
consequential damages with respect to any claim on account of or arising
from this Agreement or use of the PROGRAM, even if MICHIGAN has been or
is hereafter advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some
states do not allow certain exclusions or limitations on implied
warranties or of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the
above exclusions may not apply to LICENSEE. In no event, however, will
MICHIGAN be liable to LICENSEE, under any theory of recovery, in an
amount in excess of the license fee  paid by LICENSEE under this
Agreement.

B.  LICENSEE agrees that MICHIGAN has no obligation to provide to
LICENSEE any maintenance, support, or update services. Should MICHIGAN
provide any revised versions of the PROGRAM to LICENSEE, LICENSEE agrees
that this license agreement shall apply to such revised versions.



V.  WARRANTY OF LICENSEE

      LICENSEE warrants and represents that it will carefully review any
      documentation or instructional material provided by MICHIGAN.



VI. TERMINATION

If LICENSEE at any time fails to abide by the terms of this Agreement or
fails to pay the Annual Fee in Section III, MICHIGAN shall have the
right to immediately terminate the license granted herein, require the
return or destruction of all copies of the PROGRAM from LICENSEE and
certification in writing as to such return or destruction, and pursue
any other legal or equitable remedies available.



VII.      OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

LICENSEE shall report to MICHIGAN of any errors, difficulties or other
problems with Licensed Program. The Developers and MICHIGAN are
permitted to use any information LICENSE provide in making changes to
the PROGRAM. Such reports shall be sent to:

Project RNAPoser

The University of Michigan

1600 Huron Parkway, 2nd Floor

Ann Arbor, MI 48109-2218

Phone: (734) 615-0599

Email: Aaron Frank     afrankz@umich.edu

VIII. MISCELLANEOUS

A.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the
state of Michigan. Should LICENSEE for any reason bring a claim, demand,
or other action against MICHIGAN, its agents or employees, arising out
of this Agreement or the PROGRAM licensed herein, LICENSEE agrees to
bring said claim only in the Michigan Court of Claims.

B.  THIS AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF
THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN MICHIGAN AND LICENSEE AND SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR
AGREEMENTS, PROPOSALS, REPRESENTATIONS AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS, VERBAL
OR WRITTEN, BETWEEN THEM WITH RESPECT TO USE OF THE PROGRAM. THIS
AGREEMENT MAY BE MODIFIED ONLY WITH THE MUTUAL WRITTEN APPROVAL OF
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PARTIES.

C.  The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail
notwithstanding any different, conflicting, or additional terms or
conditions which may appear in any purchase order or other document
submitted by LICENSEE. LICENSEE agrees that such additional or
inconsistent terms are deemed rejected by MICHIGAN.

D.  Unless otherwise exempt therefrom, LICENSEE agrees that it will be
responsible for any sales, use or excise taxes imposed by any
governmental unit in this transaction except income taxes.

E.    LICENSEE acknowledges that the PROGRAM is of United States origin.
LICENSEE agrees to comply with all applicable international and national
laws that apply to the PROGRAM, including the United States Export
Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use, and
destination restrictions issued by the United States.

F.    MICHIGAN and LICENSEE agree that any xerographically or
electronically reproduced copy of this fully-executed agreement shall
have the same legal force and effect as any copy bearing original
signatures of the parties.